two
killer instinct one of the games of
most popular fight of the middle of the
decade of the 90 reappears after more than
a decade of absence the new console
from microsoft the xbox one
The first thing we tell you about is
that it is a game that has been
released in digital format on xbox live
following it is a system of certain form
very similar to a free to play post
that your download is free is possible
play without any limitation to all your
game modes including multiplayer
online although we will only have
a single fighter to choose
in this sense it includes the title of
moment 6 characters although soon
will add another 2 thus making a total
of 8 having to pay 499 euros for
every new additional fighter that
we want to unlock but also
we can get all of them from one
once for 19.99 euros plus paying 39
with 99 euros we would buy all the
content of the game what covers
characters costumes accessories and even
the arcade version of killer style
original of the year 1994 so it
I could say that the latter is the
authentic price of the complete game
do not
in relation to all this, it should be noted that
when playing we will be rewarded with a
currency called killer points so
that with patience most of the
contents we will also be able to
unlock without having to spend our
money in the game although this only
affects objects such as clothing
accessory scenarios and other elements
secondary since the fighters yes
you will always have to buy it with money
real except for the first of them
that as we have advanced is the
unique gift that is given to us
free
for its part with regard to the
modalities of game we will have three
options from which to choose the mode
confrontation where we will dispute
individual battles either against a
friend from the same console or against the
cpu or survival mode in which
we have to endure as much as possible
defeating an opponent after another and
course the online mode in which
we can challenge other players around
the world through the internet
besides the game also lets them play
in the mode by me and in the mode
training in which we can
learn and practice the attacks of
characters and perfect our
technique
it has been announced that later on
they will add other game modes like
the arcade mode which inexplicably
it has not been included in the launch
sending the gameplay of this is
keeps faithful to the spirit of killer and
sting with a mechanics of the
fighting games in two dimensions of
yesteryear but now everything is shown in
three dimensions with a large
visual spectacularity is a title
accessible from the beginning but very
deep in your combat system where
the sweeps are not missing the grabs the
ultra combos or the breakers combos so
characteristic of the saga as well as
some new features like the new ones
shadow attacks which are
Improved versions of the attacks
specials that we can execute according to
let's fill in the corresponding
energy bar or moving that
for 15 seconds will allow us
unleash a special skill for each
fighter
I think not
passing the graphic section the game
it stands out above all for the great speed
of the combats having these in all
moment an image rate of 60
frames per second
will show us some very solid characters
and pretty well modeled whose bodies
are affected by lighting in
real - time life too many
personalization objects with which
modify the appearance of the fighters
which we could be acquiring with
the killers as we get from
reward behind each combat
For their part, the stadiums also have
a good level of detail having six
arenas of battle to choose one for
each character
the main negative point that we can
to blame him is that these are not
interactive, always staying in a
second plane what must be added that
the game is not shown at 1080p so
native having to settle for
720p and a subsequent scaling something that
does not fit too much in a console
new generation as xbox web
in summary killer instinct is a great
fighting game that will definitely like to
the fans of the genre being one of
the most expected returns and if you have
to pay to be able to get all the
party at its price of 20 euros for the
Full pack of wrestlers is pretty
correct since that would be the cost
approximate of what is usually worth some
of the games of xbox live arcade
although on the negative side it has
seemed too inconspicuous in terms of
your content options since by
now and only six characters with whom
play more two that are coming and
It also has little variety of modes of
game so we will have to wait for that
they are periodically launching new
contents and more fighters with whom
gradually expanding iran
title chances